Update to 26.1 (#324)
neoforged/Documentation: docs/items/index.md

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To create a new `ItemStack`, call `new ItemStack(Item)`, passing in the backing item. By default, this uses a count of 1 and no NBT data; there are constructor overloads that accept a count and NBT data as well if needed. Note that an `ItemStack` cannot exist until components are bound/until a level exists. Until then, you should use an `ItemStackTemplate` as detailed below.
```

When in doubt, better be safe than sorry and `#copy` the stack.
:::

## `ItemStackTemplate`s

`ItemStackTemplate`s are the immutable form of `ItemStack`s, typically representing a stack within an immutable context, such as recipes. Templates contain the basic elements that make up an `ItemStack`: the held holder `Item`, the stack size, and the [data components][datacomponents] the item has, stored as a patch.

> To create a new `ItemStackTemplate`, call one of the `new ItemTemplate(...)` methods, passing in the `Item` and any other desired elements. Then, when a stack is needed, an `ItemStack` can be created via `ItemStackTemplate#create`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To create a new `ItemStackTemplate`, call one of the `new ItemStackTemplate(...)` methods, passing in the `Item` and any other desired elements. Then, when a stack is needed, an `ItemStack` can be created via `ItemStackTemplate#create`.
```

}
```

## `ItemInstance`

> `ItemInstance` is a superinterface to which `ItemStack` and `ItemStackTemplate` implement. Generally, `ItemStack` and `ItemStackTemplate`s are used in isolated contexts. However, when the stack and template can be used interchangeably (e.g. the number of items in the stack / template), the `ItemInstance` superinterface is provided instead of a specific type.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
`ItemInstance` is a superinterface that `ItemStack` and `ItemStackTemplate` implement. Generally, `ItemStack` and `ItemStackTemplate`s are used in isolated contexts. However, when the stack and template can be used interchangeably (e.g. the number of items in the stack / template), the `ItemInstance` superinterface is provided instead of a specific type.
```

> `ItemInstance` provides common methods for checking the `Item` (`#s`), the stack size (`count`), and reading the data components through the `DataComponentGetter`.

Reviewer 2: `#s` just sounds wrong, is it `#stack`?

Author: It's supposed to be `is`
